Fun Fact: The interviewers are sick of listening to candidates speak about their families, grades and how strong you are in your domain. I personally just zone out in this phase of the interview.
Pro tip: If you want a job, knowing little to moderate in your domain is more than enough. You get trained from the ground up. What you need to do, is STAND OUT! 
0. If the interview is in person, always start with a FIRM handshake, ALWAYS! This is how you intrigue them, and wake them up from their previous boring interviews. 
1. Introduce yourself not with family names, education, grades, etc. but with your personal attributes/ qualities/ strengths. etc. This way you won't be asked to speak of you strengths later on which is a tricky question since it almost always follows up with a rebuttal from the interviewer, and you wont' be experienced/ prepared enough to answer.
2. Don't speak on things such as Brand Name, Work-Life Balance, Good salary, Growth, Job Security, etc. as reasons to join. You're in college, you know nothing of these things. 
3. Speak less on what motivates you to join the company (such as aforementioned points), and more on what you bring to the table and how you would be an asset to the company.
4. Speak firmly on your decision to work and develop your skills/ core knowledge and not on things such as higher studies, or leaving the company for a higher salary. They don't want to invest time and money on someone who's gonna leave them.
5. Every Fresher who applies to a company, for Heaven's sake just spend 5 mins on Wikipedia to to read through about them before the interview. Things such as recent mergers, news, top clients, accolades, current CEO, etc. And most importantly their Vision and what makes them stand out in the industry. 
6. Speak in full sentences. (When I ask you if you're hungry, don't answer with "yes", answer with "yes I am, and I'd love to have lunch now"). Avoid using Umm, huh, ahhh, etc. Take time if you have to in between sentences, but don't be informal. This shows your professional etiquette while conversing. And no, you don't need to speak in 4 syllable words, just plain and simple English will suffice.
7. Finally, have at-least 2-3 questions for the Interviewer, things such as how easy/ difficult it'll be to both learn and deliver at the same time, on their opinion/ experience of working in said company, on what the company's expectations are from a trainee, etc. Ask questions that will always demand a positive answer, so the Interviewer ever so slightly sways to you side.